# Frameworks
One of the biggest problems that software developers face today is that database operations become more complex, repetitive, and time consuming processes as projects grow. Although the projects are basically different, the processes that are done are constantly repeating. This situation causes too much time loss. In addition, one of the most frustrating situations for software developers is the lack of a mismatch between relational database systems and programming languages. In the literature, this problem is defined as "impedance mismatch". Our project is to develop a framework built on innovations based on the existing Object Relational Mapping (ORM) technique to solve these problems. In our project, users can perform operations for three different database systems such as MsSQL Server, MySql and Oracle. In addition, these operations can be done within the framework of C # and Java programming languages. If the innovations are listed; while users can automatically define database tables in the interface, they can also create associations between tables by defining a foreign key. As soon as the system perform these operations, it creates tables, views, and stored procedures automatically. In addition, it automatically creates Entity classes for C # or Java for tables and views, and Operation classes (Facade Layer) for stored procedures. The summary of the transactions can be taken as output. In addition, the project can automatically create Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) classes to facilitate the handling of database elements created and to facilitate interfacing operations.
